oh yes liu everyone is oryxa
of today we find ourselves for
new video a video bleach and
how to move forward with a map without
So I'm not coming
commented today I do not know what
I happen
we may be for different
reasons that I did not sleep but
so I was immediately started
glitchs then I take a block of
diamond but you can from a block of
diamond applaud me thank you that's me
pleases
I take a blog of gold that's because
it's more stylish you can take
any block but it's more
stylized it's more classy with
the shader this pack so then there you
will need rails because otherwise it will not
will not walk and yes it's just as
simple that you put them like that
you do not put any here and so then
what you are going to do is that you
go put seamine card
so we will count together for those
who can not count 1 2 3 4 5 6 shit
shit I do not know how much I put the
not down serious we will redo we go in
reset
1 2 3 4 5 6 Here I am very happy
and then thank you then everything you
have to do is take off that shit
of course it has the edge
alas once you are here there is
seamine because you do not know if it shows
maybe a little bit the texture is
bugged by here wait i'll get you
put the how it's called the the
the
I may not find one day the
speed control is low here it's a whole
little buggy
so I stop because it's
completely nil then the only thing
that you have to do is move forward and
there as you can see I'm walking
in boat I'm a teg I go around
from the city yeah and so here I am
I hope you enjoyed this video
secular and bonnet you share remember
not follow me on twitter and I
See you soon for a new
video awakening everyone